hey guys I gotta make this commentary
quick but I just wanted to put out a
quick video I'm not gonna be on until
Monday I'm going on vacation to Ocean
City Maryland so I'm trying to get this
video out quick for you guys i'm not
gonna upload on till monday maybe
Tuesday depends on feeling I'm sorry
guys I can't really say nothing also
another thing I've been twitch streaming
online I've been getting a lot of
followers I respect all y'all for that
make sure you started coming out i
upload whenever I upload a YouTube video
whenever I'm streaming so make sure you
get aware for that and yeah that's it
guys hopefully you enjoy again this is
not special i just put this out very
quickly edit it as fast as i can and i
hope you guys enjoy your stay with the
fuck you ain't doing no more favors
nobody the nigga just to make me famous
lil niggas go crazy and them other
niggas ain't aimin flaming screaming
horn in the niggas that doubted all
y'all niggas um cowards Oh y'all niggas
dead but we get devoured six feet deep
or the boot get block tell me right what
am I posed to do because we spent 4
minus 0 overdue I'm the best in its just
pay attention take a closer view cuz and
they like them
like you lee james like parking the fool
can't trust her don't trust to stop by
your bitch like pay-per-view I said
Sanders I dare you to whisk competition
come show me proof this guy flow this
cheetahs Christ that say a prayer for
sleep at night I'm still standing don't
be offended my dick is handy for spanish
right this shitstorm a not checkers
nigga that came with you know X fingers
when i'm close the food
sk
the country and I how that sounds you
free go Superman I get the Kryptonite I
bring you right back down shit you know
the drill I kill em sequel is overkill
why how many warm I supposed to kill two
niggas foot in my name they cities just
come back for them so embarrassed I'm in
the roof watching my magic my nigga in
the studio heads like eyelid these other
mcs need practice it's a madness hundred
degrees nigga smart like plastic ruler
that's my language I turn Super Saiyan
bitch just swinging away ain't playin
bitch I heard niggas like you before you
but you ain't saying shit just a bunch
of ones we don't meaning no heart no
feelings but when I lay it down the lay
it down so like it's my name everybody
screaming and we don't care where cuz
you're my niggas we got flocks don't
give a shit
the boss you amateur so you got fans on
life you chosen a manager thing you've
got the game on lock a fresh start here
comes new challenger challenger sketchup
they're serious Pumas around there's a
new sheriff